Update README.md (#66)
replicatedhq/kots-field-labs: labs/lab08-airgap-lite/README.md

For this lab, since you are working off the `lab08-airgap-lite` channel, you will want to enable air gap builds on that channel.

1. (Optional) You can check the build status by navigating to the **Release history** for the channel.

   ![release-history](img/channel-release-history.png)

2. You can build individual bundles on the **Release history** page, but you will likely want to edit the channel and enable the option for all releases. Next to **Automatically create airgap builds for all releases in this channel**, slide the toggle swith to `on` to enable this option.

   ![edit-channel](img/channel-edit-info-btn.png)

   ![auto-build](img/channel-enable-airgap.png)

   You should see all the bundles building or built on the **Release history** page:

   ![airgap-built](img/airgap-builds.png)

#### Continue downloading air gap assets
To continue downloading the air gap assets, navigate back to the download portal where you previously got the Kubernetes installer bundle URL.

1. Navigate to the **Embedded cluster** option and review the three downloadable assets.

   ![download-portal-view](img/download-portal-view.png)

> 2. Download the license file, but **do not** download the Kubernetes installer (kURL) bundle. This download was already started on the server in a previously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Download the license file, but **do not** download the Kubernetes installer (kURL) bundle. This download was already started on the server in a previous step.
```

***
## Deploying a new version

As part of the lab setup, a new release was created in the vendor portal with the fix. To make the release available:
1. Navigate to **Sequence 2** under **All releases**.  
1. Click **Promote**.
1. Select the `lab08-airgap-lite` channel as the channel to promote the release to.

   ![app-down](img/promote-sequence-2.png)

1. (Optional) If you are interested, you can review the differences between the two releases in the vendor portal. It is also shown below:

   ```diff
   diff --git a/labs/lab05-airgap/manifests/nginx-deployment.yaml b/labs/lab05-airgap/manifests/nginx-deployment.yaml
   index fa29e8d..3a66405 100644
   --- a/labs/lab05-airgap/manifests/nginx-deployment.yaml
   +++ b/labs/lab05-airgap/manifests/nginx-deployment.yaml
   @@ -16,9 +16,6 @@ spec:
          containers:
            - name: nginx
              image: nginx:latest
   -          command:
   -            - exit
   -            - "1"
              volumeMounts:
                - mountPath: /usr/share/nginx/html

>                   name: html

Reviewer: Missing indent for ``` at the end of this block

```

1. When the promotion is done, navigate back to the customer download portal we accessed from the customer page.

> Scroll to the bottom and click **Show older bundles** to see the history of the releases on the `lab08-airgap` channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Scroll to the bottom and click **Show older bundles** to see the history of the releases on the `lab08-airgap` channel.
```

   The new release can take a minute or two to build. Refresh the page until you see a release with a timestamp that matches when you promoted your release.

>    ![download-portal-more](img/download-portal-more.png)

Reviewer: Missing indent one line below for `When you've downloaded the new version, you can now deploy it:`
